So is the fate of all who live to see such times. 
Out of exemplary virtue and ingenious wonder.
Where i come from, that's the way you kiss your brother.
Being pretty is far more to the point than being beautiful. Beautiful could frighten them, pretty made them approach.
You can't realize how relatively pleasant misery can be until you end up in hell.
Don't count on it, the time element hinges on a lot of factors.
There are times when the most extreme measures are justified.
The physical beauty, the sexual power of women carries not the slightest weight in worldly matters.
Among reasonable men, problems of business can always be solved.
There are some duties the best of men can't assume.
You can't say 'no' to the people you love, not often  and when you do, it has to sound like a 'yes'.
By admitting his crime, he inspired belief in his claim of high competence.
At times your greatest misfortune can bring up unforseen rewards.
I'm a quiet man and such endeavours are too lively for my taste.
How did things ever go so far, well, no matter. A lot of foolishness has come to pass.
You overestimate my faults and you underestimate my virtues.
Consider the use of threats the most foolish kind of exposure, the unleashing of anger as the most dangerous indulgence.
Apparent madness often pays high dividends...such mental attitde is no monopoly.
God knows i have no wish to die! I have been in tight corners before and in this matter i feel impelled to take the hazard.
Guilty of something far worse than folly.
Some things in life are so enormous in thier imapct that they are almost impossible to take in..Death..words become meaningless, the mind cuts itself off reality for a while, a necessary breathing space until one is ready to cope.
Draw your prodigious memory to a remarkable degree.
Took advantage of my thirst to pursue.
The people we have given trust end corrupt and rotten, they start with great ideas but at the end its all forgotten.
I admit, i am a man overly charmed by the peculiarities of the female anatomy...a sight to mark down for remembrance in old age.
Neither a borrower or a lender be. For a loan oft loses both itself and friend, and borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.
Whatever a man's excellence may be, he finishes as dust. The quintessence of dust. GENESIS 3:19 - Dust thou art and unto dust thou shalt return.
’Tis much proved that, with devotion's visage and pious action, we do sugar o'er the devil himself."
Greed sets the body on the path to destruction.
If you keep going north, you will eventually go south, but if you keep going east, you will never go west.
Hiiting the enemy when they're at their weakest is tactics 101.
I don't regret the mistakes i made, i just feel soory for the ones i haven't made yet.
A man who accepted the existence oF Heaven as a matter of faith. Hell, at least the earthly version of it, he was aquainted with; firsthand.
Human carelessness, callousness and cruelty often has incendiary consequences, i don't figure the devil has much need to step in and personally play pyromaniac.
I don't want to die. But if my time has come, then i'm prepared to meet my maker. I've done my best to be a good man, to lead a good life. And while it took me a long time to do so, I'd been fortunate to find a good woman to love.
We should do at once what we need to do, otherwise all kinds of influences will persuade us not to do it. For 'want to' changes and suffers as many reductions and delays as thier are tongues to talk against it, hands to work against it and incidents to keep it from happening and then the acknowledgement that we should have done it. It is like a wasteful sign which eases us and also gives us pain.
Imagine the act, resolve to carry it out and carry it out to the end.
Be thou assured, if words be made of breath and breath be made of life, i have no life ti breathe what thou has said to me.
I must be cruel to be kind, thus bad begins and worse remains behind.
Dizzy arithmetic of memory.
Ego clearly unbruised by feigned indifference.
Equivocation will undo us: Double meanings will ruin us.
Take a woman's 'no' or 'maybe' or 'I'm not sure' and transform it into a 'yes'. That's what a man's expected to do.
SELF DEFENCE: JUSTIFIABLE HOMICIDE.
The words touched her in ways she couldn't begin to articulate, reaching deep within her subconcious and resonating at every visceral level.
The path that can't be challenged leads you to an end that has already been decided.
Allow/Disallow yourself to be cajoled into an undertaking against your better judgement.
Dangers and Difficulties will teach you tolerance & understanding and how to count your blessings.
Tragedy had robbed it of it's lustre. Although only 24, it was already turning grey.
Tis' age and experience that make men cynical and unscrupulous.
