Extend your hands to God and turn your hearts to Him, for all pillars are weak and his pillar is the most eternal.
I can't restrain my growing curiosity.
Unknown to you, you take pride in stating your own convictions, when you're angry, your reasoning is clouded by unfair judegement.
Dedication to a misguided cause.
Young people think they are invincible, 'Too young to die' That's why they're not consumed by the fear of it.
Give him space, if he's that dumb, then he deserves to die.
Nature has a preference for a particular order: Parents die, then children die, a harsh design offering little relief from pain. For being in accord with it meaans that the fortunate find themselves orphaned.
Nature calls the attention of specific features and recommends them for interpretation.
We mark some days as fair and some days as foul because we don not see that the character of everyday is identical.
WAKIMA ETE ITAKA = 'Don't you understand'
WATA BOKUWA KOROS KA = 'Will you kill me again'
The facts don't support your theory, are you completely corrupt?!
In and out of conciousness with convulsions, delirious with fever.
Violence for the sake of others makes it admirable, Isn't that right, Hero?!
1 John 5:21 'Little children, keep yourselves from idols, Amen'
Wanting to do it and suitable for it, are different issues.
Luke 1:27 'For with God, nothing shall be impossible'.
Matthew 26:41 'Watch and pray, that ye enter not into temptation, the spirit indeed is willing but the flesh is weak.'
John 3:27 'A man can recieve nothing, except it be given to him from heaven'
Virtousness and Hypocrisy work hand in hand.
Reckless self deprivation will build up stress and uncertainty.
I'm going to tell her how i feel, to do nothing and live a life of regret would be pretty lame, huh!.
There are two kinds of lies: one concerns an accomplished fact, the other concerns a future duty.
A soul naturally seeks pleasure, unconciously or not.
Taking responsibility for yourself is the first condition for humanity.
To destroy the potential held by one for the sake of the other's future.
Glory lies beyond the horizon, challenge it because it is unreachable.
KU RU GA ITA YE YU - "Then come, heroic spirit"
Heaven has a wall and strict immigration policies while Hell has an open border.
Casting doubts on such gracious hospitality, how rude can you be!
Eccl 1:18 'For in much wisdom is much grief and he that increaseth knowledge increaseth sorrow'
The more you are broke, the more you must look after your clothes. Always be clean and immaculate, don't let them guess.
You think you defeated me, poor kid, did your pathetic delusion bring you joy?
You could be a winner, you have all the requirements but you may turn out a loser.
Even if you're weak,there are some miracles you can seize if you fight to the very end. A lesson you learn by being a terrorist.
I knew you were an idiot, but i didn't think you were this bad. Out of respect for the sheer depth of your idiocy, I'll do you a favour.
He tries to trick you, I try to enlighten you, which is the more noble pursuit.
