The truth is, have a good nature of being terrible and unbelievable.
The 'why' of it, like much in life, offered little access to logic.
Think of no response that you'd not later as inadequate.
An opportunity life seldom offers, to rewrite even a shard of the past.
Unavoidable feeling: we are a short time here and a long time gone.
You hear men say all kinds of things when they are submerged in the depths of despair, from prayers to curses, but this took the prize for foolery.
A man can't make a better pouch than God did.
Just when you think you've found your way, life will throw you to a different path.
God gave the noah the rainbow sign, not no water but fire next time.
It's a crime to deny me the pleasure of your extraordinary talent/body.
I want to get credit for my good deeds, i get the feeling nobody loves me these days.
It is strange that a man does not realize his mortality every second of his life.
FREWILL: A man will do what he feels like doing with no regard to the cost.
There are many brave, proud men willing to gamble thier lives for thier own gain, but they will think twice about risking thier loved ones.
ADVICE: Never dribble when you can pass, never quit when you're three goals down and never go out with a woman who owns more than one cat.
Rely on wits and imagination rather than size and strength to prevail over an opponent, then you present a deadly challenge, God help the enemy.
Appreciate life's little absurdities.
DANGERS OF SELF-IMPOSED SOLITUDE: Living alone with only thoughts for company could give rise to bizzare ideas.
An artist doesnt just paint what he sees, he uses his minds eye to envision an idea then implores physical skills to recreate.
How do you explain this strange alchemy that seems to draw us together.
You may join a long list of people who wish me to the devil.
Sometimes anger can serve as a certain spice, making reconciliation all the more tasty.
Ah! torn between codes of honor.
I'd always prided myself in being self sufficient, that i never needed anyone to care about me.
Don't stretch life to a dangerous limit, one thrill at a time.
More eager for my coming battle against fate.
Let me go to work, let me begin and let me END.
Hypothetical discussion, impersonal basis.
It will cease to be remarkable, if we dont treat it as remarkable.
Marriage is like those bonds you buy, there is inflation and there is devaluation.
Just by existing, just by standing still and not bothering anybody, man is a fate creating agent.
You have to live with the odds, forget luck, it's a dangerous/ treacherous magic.
If you believe that love is nonsense, i pity you. If you don't know what love is, i'm sorry for you.
I'm not much good at praying, i've always left it to holier men.
I take great pride in working hard to earn my own living.
Our lives don'y always follow the course we expect.
Have you seen the Light, do you have the Sight?
Rise from your humble beginings, make your life beyond comprehension.
If they'd come in then, when did they leave? and if they left then, when did they arrive?
Calling me to account for a fault that is yours.
Brave the Lion in his Den.
Wanted for homicide in 11 jurisdictions.
Hell was too good for me, but at least I had postponed that destination for a while.
WE HAVE BEEN LIKE YOU...AND YOU SHALL BE LIKE US.
Make terrible decisions you never dreamed of making before to change your perception of honor and awe of heroism, It will you help you survive but make you unhappy.
No amount of rationalization could turn that animal into a knight.
As much as a man can guarantee anything against fate, YES!
What is written in paper affects history but not life, life is a different history.
Nothing runs smooth in life, there is always the unexpected.
We have to know what the women in our lives are up to so they can't suprise us. We have great respect for thier power to disrupt our lives.

