Let your own discretion be your tutor.
While the grass grows, the simple horse starves.
If one does not attach himself to people and desires, never shall his heart be broken. But then, does he truly live?
Childish antics tarnishing your legacy. 
What's past is past, never go back, not for excuses, not for justfication, not for happiness, you are what you are, thw world is what it is.
Even lacking trust, people can be manipilated by the promise of profit. That's a truth of society.
A honorable custom, that sexual congress, no matter how brief, demands a certain material courtesy.
The road to hell is always filled with good intentions.
Some people aren't good at asking for hekp cos they are so used to being the helper. Throughout thier life they've experienced an unbalanced give amd take, so thier instinct is usually "I'll figure it out on my own. Thierself is all they've ever known.
I just saw you as an interesting specimen for observation, nothing more, nothing less.
That future thst worries you, you may not be in it.
Beauty is the firdt socialist idea in this world. world, everyone can enjoy it without having to own it.
What we spend, we lose. What we keep will be left for others. What we give away will be ours forever.
If two people were alone together in a dark closed room, a sort of natural intimacy occured. Even if the people naturally hated each other, the psychological distance between them would lesson.
You can't say someone's a bad person just because they are a criminal or a good person just because they aren't. Good and bad people were abstract concepts. How people defined them could vary greatly depending on perpectives, postions and relationships.
Hands that help are holier than lips that pray.
When you first see someone, you make judgements based on thier appearance. You might determine if somoeone is cool or cute, for instance, basically you read people. Call it your first impression, that's simple enough. Next you learn about thier inner-self through conversation and seeing them in action. You'll see whether they're sociable, passive, intelligent e.t.c.
If you want to give yourself a fair chance to succeed, never expect too much too soon.
The right person the wrong time, the right script the wrong line and a piece of you that was never mine.
We're all in the same game just different levels, Dealing with the same hell just different devils.
We come to love not by finding the perfect person but by learning to see an imperfect person perfectly.
Not all of us can do great things, but we can do small things with great love.
I was like him for 15 years. Then i looked in the mirror and saw a 30 yr old man instead of that reckless 15 yr old who started it all.
When a friend does something wrong, don't forget all the things they did right.
A child will starve with a full plate: without love, affection, laughter, the spirit hungered.
Don't lOok away from death, look forward to it.
Do not say that life is tiring before you are sure that death is a relief. Otherwise you will lose the friendship of the two.
Show the shepherd you are a sheep, if you don't believe then you are not my sheep.
There is nothing more reassuring than realizing that the world is crazier than you are.
The mystery of life is not a problrm to solve but a reality to experience.
When action grows unprofitable, gather information. When information grows unprofitable, sleep.
If that's the best you can do, don't claim to be almighty. That's blasphemy against the almighty. Let the true meaning of almighty be carved into your soul. Behold, my almight power!
This generation has a lot of broke saints who might not see God.
Originally, the act of confessing to someone, the only motives one had was love, an action that turned someone you liked to someone that belonged to you.
The feeling of love wasnt something you could control. It could quietly sprout out at unexpected moments.
The first half of the romance curriculum has been completed.
Unexpected setbacks happen all the time. That being the case, we'll just have to adapt.
Ghosts aren't a rare sight to me. Things that exist tend to dissappear while things that don't tend to appear.
What about all we've been through? doesn't the past introduce each and every present moment.
Defeat is a simple phenomenon that must exist in the world of competition.
Man's propensity for evil is very linear. He just needs the right motivation and conviction that he's doing it for the right thing.
The more we feel the need to act, the more we must strive for reflection.
I was living on the phrase "This time shall pass" until i read it's supplemt somewhere: "But this time is my life".
As always the gods are generous with hints, but cheap on specifics.
Good things come out of not knowing too much. Well there's a limit to how much you can hide.
My thoughts have driven me here.
May the diety in whom you believe, bless you and keep you.
I guide others to a treasure i cannot possess.
One of the rarest of all intellectual accomplishments that a man can possess is the grand faculty of arranging his ideas.
'Done', to my profound satisfaction,  to your profound astonishment.
